Pig Latin Specs

The program retains non-alphabetical characters as-is, since they do not contain consonants or vowels.
Example Input: %*##!
Expected Output: %*##!

For input with intermixed alpha and non-alpha characters other than apostrophes and hyphens, the program returns "undefined".
Example Input: $jqu#%ery89
Expected Output: undefined

The program adds "way" to single-letter words beginning with a vowel.
Example Input: i
Expected Output: iway

The program adds "way" to the end of multi-letter words beginning with a vowel.
Example Input: apple
Expected Output: appleway

For words beginning with one consonant, the program moves the initial consonant to the end, and adds "ay".
Example Input: parrot
Expected Output: arrotpay

For words beginning with multiple consecutive consonants, the program moves all of the initial consecutive consonants to the end, and adds "ay".
Example Input: shrimp
Expected Output: impshray

If the first consonants are "qu", the program moves the "u" to the end following the "q" and adds "ay".
Example Input: quotidian
Expected Output: otidianquay

If the first consonants are "squ", the program moves the "qu" to the end following with the "s" and adds "ay".
Example Input: squamous
Expected Output: amousquay

For words beginning with "y", the program treats "y" as a consonant, moving it to the end and adding "ay".
Example Input: yikes
Expected Output: ikesyay

For multiple words, the program treats each word individually, applying the relevant rule for that word, and returns the translated words in their original sequence.
Example Input: multiple words
Expected Output: ultiplemay ordsway

For contracted words and possessives with apostrophes, the program does not translate the apostrophe(s), and treats the whole as an individual word, applying the relevant rule.
Example Input: he'll've
Expected Output: e'll'vehay

For words starting with an apostrophe followed by a consonant, the program moves the initial apostrophe along with the initial consonants and follows the rules for initial consonants.
Example Input: 'twas
Expected Output: as'tway

For words starting with an apostrophe followed by a vowel, the program retains the initial apostrophe and follows the rules for initial vowels.
Example Input: 'em
Expected Output: 'emway

For hyphenated words, the program does nothing to the hyphen(s), and treats each segment as an individual word, applying the relevant rule.
Example Input: state-of-the-art
Expected Output: atestay-ofway-ethay-artway

For multi-word sentences, the program treats each word individually, applying the relevant rule for that word, and returns the whole translated sentence in its original sequence.
Example Input: This is a sentence with multiple words.
Expected Output: Isthay isway away entenceway ithway utliplemay ordsway.
